# Projeto de Integração de Sistemas de Informação Distribuídos  

This project was developed for a university curricular unit to test our capabilities in project development, team work, 
and general knowledge of programming/development concepts.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)

## Introduction

This project was developed by me and five other colleagues (enumerated in the contributions of this repo).
The project consists of developing a general integrated system for a biology lab that tests mouse behaviour
from olfactory senses. There are sensors that monitor mouse movement as well as temperature in the maze used
for the tests.

Our system is designed to treat that data and store it in a MongoDB database that is then used to send data to
a MySQL database that is used to interface directly with the user from a website designed to monitor and manage
those same tests as well as a Flutter application that is used for the same purpose.
## Features

There are three main entry points and pillars of this system, these are:

Java Applications:
- Java application designed to seamlessly consume data from a MQTT topic and store it into a MongoDB database that 
can be both local or online.
- Another Java application that retrieves data from MongoDB, filters it, and publishes it to MQTT topics based on 
data type.
- Java application designed to consume that same data and inject it into a MySQL database for later use in the web 
and Flutter application.

Web application:
- Written in PHP, the main objective of this website is to make an interface for each investigator to use and actively
manage the various tests as well as creating new tests, managing their own profile and visualizing a some statistics 
about those same tests.

Flutter application:
- A multi-platform app that enables investigators to see the real-time statistics of tests, namely the number of 
rats per room as well as alerts generated by the SQL database.

## Technologies Used

The technologies used are already named but for the sake of generalizing them, here is a list:

- Java (with Maven and a few dependencies to enable interaction between the various components of the application).
- PHP (with HTML and CSS as well)
- Flutter 